rm white and blacklist, adopt allow/deny nomenclature (#1459)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/frameworks/wordpress/_index.md

## Plugin compatibility

> Platform.sh does not deny any WordPress plugins.  However, some plugins are known to require write access to their own file system as part of their setup process.  That is not possible on Platform.sh.  The file system where code lives is read-only for security reasons and cannot be written to from the application, only during the [build hook]({{< relref "/configuration/app/build.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform.sh does not explicitly block any WordPress plugins.  However, some plugins are known to require write access to their own file system as part of their setup process.  That is not possible on Platform.sh.  The file system where code lives is read-only for security reasons and cannot be written to from the application, only during the [build hook]({{< relref "/configuration/app/build.md" >}}).
```
